"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." – Thomas Edison

“Today is always the most productive day of your week.” – Mark Hunter

"Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them yourself." – Eleanor Roosevelt

“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein

"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." – Og Mandino

“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain

"Become the person who would attract the results you seek.” – Jim Cathcart

“Prospecting: find the man with the problem.” – Ben Friedman

"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson


“The most unprofitable item ever manufactured is an excuse.” – John Mason

“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.” – Michael John Bobak

"What we dwell on is who we become." – Oprah Winfrey

“The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.” – Vince Lombardi

“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” – Chris Grosser

“It is not your customer’s job to remember you. It is your obligation and responsibility to make sure they don’t have the chance to forget you.” – Patricia Fripp

"Quality performance starts with a positive attitude." – Jeffrey Gitomer

"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." – Tony Robbins

“Most people think ‘selling’ is the same as ‘talking’. But the most effective salespeople know that listening is the most important part of their job.” – Roy Bartell

"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." – Thomas Paine

“If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?” – Joe Namath

"Great things are done by a series of small things done together." – Vincent van Gogh

“The same wind blows on us all. What matters is not the blowing of the wind but the set of the sail.” – Jim Rohn

"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." – Zig Ziglar

“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.” – Les Brown

It’s not about having the right opportunities. It’s about handling the opportunities right.” – Mark Hunter

“Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman, not the attitude of the prospect.” – William Clement Stone

"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." – Henry Ford

“All things being equal, people will do business with, and refer business to, those people they know, like, and trust.” – Bob Burg

"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." – Eleanor Roosevelt

"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James